Add Embedded World Conference Talk (#6)
elisa-tech/directory: docs/conferences/index.md

# Conference Presentation Archive

> ELISA project members actively engaging in open source events and share results in form of talks and presentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ELISA project members actively engage in open source events and share results in the form of talks and presentations.
```
